I'm halah hanina I'm a PhD student and
activist it's been the the saddest the
scariest the
craziest the most appalling thing I've
ever I've ever witnessed uh like I've
witnessed in Gaza six other aggressions
since 2008 and all of them were so ugly
so bad so brutal but this level is
something unprecedented even for people
who know the Israeli brutality
and one of the worst things is the sky I
love the sky I used to be a skygazer
someone who looks at the stars all the
time and the moon however since this
started and I know our our sky in Gaza
which I love I really love is now full
of drones full of Apache of F35 F16 that
is literally bombarding every single
living in Gaza people
and the
buildings so I wasn't able to to look at
the sky the same way and I hated each
time I had to look at the at the
sky I felt I have my body in a place and
my mind and and feelings in another
place I felt totally disconnected I
would be at any second usually I'm very
strong woman I don't show tears at all
but I would be crying in any second so
although we are trying and we have been
trying for more than 75 years to
preserve ourselves to preserve our land
to keep our heritage and memory and all
of that Israel doesn't allow that to us
and the International Community is
helping them no one is standing by us I
can see a future because Israel have
literally demolished Our Heritage and
historical places and killed our
elderly and usually you wouldn't think
really of a future when you don't have a
past and they are trying to eradicate
our past and because now we're still at
this like status of ambiguity we're at
the at the middle of that so I can't
foresee the future I can only see our
people starve to death each genocide
changes a lot of us in us so whatever we
had as as a family as a group as a
community doesn't exist
anymore